ALONG stretch of level country, bordered on one side by the sea, sweeps away until the imagination begins its guess-work where the eye is forced to stop, at a thick fringe of pines in the far background. Here and there, perhaps two miles from the sea, are farmhouses in picturesque groups of threes and fours, forming the little town of Stratford-by-the-Sea. This quaint corner of the old township dates back to colonial days, and almost to colonial primitiveness of life, though, like many another place and people, it has retained certain forms and customs of its ancestors without their accompanying rigidity of virtue. But, alas ! true as this is in the main, many a good custom is unhappily obsolete ; there are scolds in Stratford who have made no acquaintance with the duckingstool, and an occasional worthy member of society dares absent himself from church without fear of a penalty. I have been told, too, that various young people there strangely bewitch one another's hearts and affairs without going to the stake for it. The little place is given its locative termination to distinguish it from the great township of Stratford, of which it was once a part. Stratford-by-the-Sea is merely a remnant, a fragment broken from that large tract of New England which at present has no existence except in the country records. The township had, in its first youthful pride, kept what are now independent neighboring villages, quite concealed under its own name, but, as its age and feebleness increased, they had broken away, one by one, until the only relic of its former greatness is the poor little town bearing its name. The resemblance between the parent and its dismembered parts, as they became individuals with titles of their own, grew more and more faint. The one poor heir of its name was the only faithful follower in its footsteps. Stratford-by-the-Sea never advanced very far in any line of enterprise, for the best of reasons, it steadily abjured the new. Year after year it remained placidly stationary ; the farmers on the uplands contenting themselves with patient mowing and reaping by hand, where for miles around any thing but machine labor, where machinery could be used, had become a thing of the past. The people had a marked trace of that curious dialect which seems often an effect of sea-air, a broadening of the vowels and a rough burr of consonants. Certain characteristic oaths were in vogue, from which the exquisite simplicity of their use removed every trace of profanity. The picturesque compound of farmer and fisherman was wont to push his tarpaulin away from his grizzled locks and ejaculate roundly, "By Righteous ! By Mars ! " and " O King ! " Old-fashioned and time-worn touch as every part of the town bore, there was a perpetual beauty in its elm-shaded roads and houses garlanded with woodbine. This was in summer ; but its winter wftids held a bleak, invigorating seventy, and from January to January there was, nearest the sea, the grandeur inseparable from a rocky coast with ambitious waves. A winding little river cut off the " Stra'forders," as they were called, from their neighbor Scone, of whom they were madly but good-naturedly jealous. Scone possessed a good harbor and had once sent out whalers, which the men of Stratford could never do from their bit of rocky coast. Scone even entertained yachts, and when the yachtsmen staid over night at the smart hotel, there was excitement enough to have lasted a Stratforder all his life. Stratford seldom had a glimpse of strangers. Summer boarders came over from Stowe, the town on their left, for a day's picnicking and curious exploration, with probably the same feeling of remoteness with which children, taken to the sea-shore for a day, enter the wigwams of an Indian encampment. It was the one dream of Stratf orders, the favorite method of working off their ambition, that of moving across the river to Scone and engaging in the whirl of life there ; catching fish for the hotel in the time of summer boarders, peddling it in the adjoining towns, and drying it for market. Not one of them had ever done it, and, with equal probability, not one had reached manhood without having at some time dipped into this Utopian plan, perhaps with an inward shame at having been led away by too wild a scheme. On winter nights, when some half-dozen men were congregated about the stqve in the little office and parlor of the Sea View, their piercing eyes and weather-beaten faces duskily seen through the smoke, one would take his pipe from his mouth to say : " Wai, neighbor, if ever we should move away from here " and so on, though a line of brilliant prophecy, which one and another took up in an ecstatic fugue. But no one had ventured to become pioneer, and Stratford was still in her unbroken sleep, dreaming restlessly of an awakening, but too deep in slumber to rouse herself and work out her own deliverance. One November day, the broad road leading to the sea was swept by a gale of wind, and the few remaining leaves rustled along with the nervous eagerness left old age in its last revels. Two pedestrians, a boy of fifteen and a girl at least five years older, were stoutly breasting the wind,talking in the high-pitched voice necessitated by the boisterous weather. The boy was slight in figure, with a pale face whose habitual expression was nervous and eager. The forehead was almost too highly developed, denoting an intellectual strength quite out of proportion to the delicate mouth and chin. In the hint of lines about the last two features there was, indeed, super-sensitiveness, which might, under harsh criticism or defeat, harden into angry pride or despair. He was talking eagerly and volubly. " Betty, you don't seem to have a bit of ambition. To be sure, you're only a girl, but that isn't the worst thing in the world. His sister smiled ; she was too often in a state of quiet amusement at his extravagances to exclaim at them. " Much obliged for your encouragement, Philip. But I own it ; I haven't any more ambition than that squirrel. See what a tail ! Bless you, Mr. Gray Fuzz ! But tell me, Philip, what you'd like to have me do." ' I don't know ; something splendid. But you haven't any talents, have you now ? " he added, thoughtfully. Elizabeth laughed outright at the hopeless candor of his tone, not in the least offended by it. ' Not one," she owned frankly. 'It would puzzle even you, Phil, to make a girl. famous who doesn't want to be, and couldn't be if she did. What will you do about it ? " ' I don't know yet. Hold on ! Yes, I -do ! When my book is published and I am famous, you shall keep my house and look after the company. Poets and painters, Betty ! And when some great actress has taken my play, the very first night, when all the house applauds and roars, you shall sit with me in my box and look pretty in a white dress. O, Elizabeth, won't it be grand ? ' His assurance was manly ; his enthusiasm boyish in the extreme. ' Very fine indeed," said Elizabeth, rather sadly, clasping his small hand closer ; " but you seem to have forgotten- Grandmother." '' I didn't ; I never forget her," he said, frowning, a note of obstinacy in his voice. ' You know she would never let her money go towards carrying out such plans. You'll have to be a minister or not have an education." " I sha'n't do it ! " he cried, in boyish petulance. '' I'll write my play and succeed before she knows it ; and then let's see any one interfere with me. Betty, how I should like to go to her and say, Grandmother, I've earned a thousand dollars, and I can earn just as many more." " Yes, dear, but you know that would be too much for any body but a wonderful, wonderful geuius to do, almost greater than any one- that ever lived. No, you must go away to school." His heroic mood had passed with the moment. ' I suppose it's so ; of course it is. We've talked about it a thousand times, and always come back to the same place." "Yes, I am really sure of it," said his sister, in a tone of patient kindness. " I didn't think so once, but being in Weston has made me change my mind about a good many things. Now, there was Professor Gorham he used to visit Mr. Lunt and Philip, he had spent years studying little passages in Shakespeare, and trying to find out what some of the words in old English books meant. I believe hearing him talk made me see what a hard thing it is, and how much study it takes to write any thing that is not silly nor weak." They had reached home, a large house, which, being originally unpainted, had grown black through lapse of years, and was destitute even of blinds, or a spray of woodbine to relieve the monotony of its walls. Most of the Stratford houses had the bare branches of woodbine, a prophecy of summer greenness, but this one only indicated comfort and cleanliness, with no pretense at adornment. The two went up the narrow path in silence, but just as they reached the heavy front door, Elizabeth paused, and looking into the boy's face, said, rather wistfully, but with great tenderness : " I haven't hurt you, Philip ? You know I didn't say you would fail." " Not a bit of it," he answered, cheerily, though his first self-sufficiency was wholly gone. ' You're a pretty good sort of a girl, Betty." The door which Elizabeth opened led into a wide hall, with a sitting-room on its right, made neat by thrifty braided rugs. On the left was the typical country parlor, which was always closed except on the rare occasions of funerals, and Thanksgiving celebrations, at which latter time neither the roaring blaze in the fireplace nor its flicker on the brass andirons was sufficient wholly to relieve the pervading gloom. There was in one corner a coffin-plate, framed under glass, and beneath it an ambrotype of a youth with large serious face and staring eyes. The picture was made rather ludicrous than otherwise by the old-fashioned coat, small even for that spare figure, by the high collar and large ciavat ; but there was a pathos about it, too. Life must have been so over-full of seriousness and responsibility for the boy that you could only be grateful to the coffin-plate for saying that "Jeremiah Nye died , aged nineteen years." Entering the sitting-room, where Philip was alternately burning and blowing his fingers at the air-tight stove, one would draw a fuller breath in the more home-like atmosphere, and remember to be thankful that the furniture had daily use. An old lady, upright and muscular, though near her eightieth year, sat knitting near the fire. She was the grandmother, or, as the neighbors said, " th' old Ma'am," the backbone of the family, as she believed, and cer tainly its controlling head. Her features were cut with a generous squareness ; there was something strong and massive in her entire build, while an unshaken spirit looked out from her spectacled gray eyes. Her hands were whiter than those of housewives usually are, and as they clicked the needles regularly, there was a steadiness in their movement quite as characteristic as the nervous indecision sometimes to be marked in hands. After her grandchildren had come in, she looked at Elizabeth disapprovingly from time to time, and finally said, in a voice not at all harsh, but rather chilly : " Elizabeth, why don't you take some work, and not sit down in that way ? Any body would think you hadn't a thing in the world to do." " So I haven't, Grandmother," the girl answered, quietly. " My blue dress was finished this morning. The loops are on and the pocket in, and you know I always leave the pocket for a week or two ! ' "There's the mending," said Madam Nye. ' I put two shirts and a pair of stockings in your mother's basket. I wish I could understand how any boy of Philip's age manages to wear out so many stockings. If I didn't keep knitting all the time I wonder where he'd be ? " No one answered the latter suggestive remark ; perhaps it left too broad a field to the imagination. Philip had taken up a book, and Elizabeth, going to the large cupboard for the basket, sat down to her mending. There was no trace left of her activity and vigor in breasting the wind. It is the time to watch her now, when her face has settled into its ordinary expression, lighted by no response to excitement from without. She is a slender girl, with heavy brown hair drawn straight back and twisted low in her neck. Her mouth is sweet and childlike, with lips neither red nor full. One misfortune compensates for its presence by lending a peculiar grace of its own ; she is slightly nearsighted, and that gives her an intent look, her body the least possible forward bend which is only graceful, and her whole appearance something eager and impressive. " Your mother is coming," said Grandmother, as she rose to get her measuring-stocking. ' She's been gone all the afternoon, at one house or another." The two looked up with their first show of interest in what she said. Almost immediately Mrs. Nye came in ; a woman with delicate features and fine, lightbrown hair. Hers was a worried face ; you would say it belonged to a woman who had learned to distrust the future, and was so used to unpleasant surprises that there could be few shocks for her now. Her eyes sought the children first, with a smile that was as brightly answered, Elizabeth rose and hung up the faded plaid shawl, as if she must do something in dumb affection. ' Any news ? " asked Grandmother, without looking up. ' No ; except " with a quick glance to note the effect, " except that John Craig's son has come down and opened the house." Madam Nye laid down her work, an angry sparkle showing itself behind her glasses. ' He here ? What for ? " ' I don't know," answered Mrs. Nye, uneasily; she had the air of considering herself personally responsible. ' He came to Stowe last night with two youngmen, and they've been out gunning to-day." ' Does he own the house now ? " asked Philip. 'Yes, he does," said Grandmother, bitterly ; " and no danger of his being any different from his father. John Craig was the ruin of your father, dragging him into speculation and coaxing his money away ; and now I suppose his son's come down to enjoy it. ' Elizabeth and her mother sighed rather wearily, the one over her work, the other looking into vacancy. It was an old subject ; they had all had the chance of becoming tired of it. Philip ventured, " He can't find much fun in that old barn of a place, and it's almost unfurnished, too. Besides, Grandmother, I don't see as he's to blame : he couldn't help his father's leaving him the property." " You don't know any thing about it," said the old lady. ' Don't try to find excuses for gambling ! ' And having regained her composure, she knit on sternly. A cloud seemed to have risen over the house. The news had evidently a deeper significance than the mere fact of one man more or less in town would see to warrant. Elizabeth and her mother set the table for tea, and the meal was eaten in silence. CHAPTER II. PHILIP had gone out to split kindlings for the morning fire and his mother followed him ; she was used to little devices for seizing uninterrupted half and quarter hours with her children. Grandmother, her knitting laid aside for the few minutes it left her hands daily, sat by the fire in the sitting-room. She was usually in her chair at this time between daylight and dark, always upright, and always wearing a certain severe and retrospective look. Those who had seen her so for years, day after day, had a portrait of the stern woman not to be dimmed by time. Once seen, indeed, she impressed herself on your memory. You could never say, "Yes, I saw Madam Nye once, but I quite forget how she looks." Elizabeth, just completing her dish-washing in the large kitchen, heard a quick and decided knock at the door. She took the lamp, and holding it above her head to illuminate the outside darkness, opened the door, standing for a second with her head bent forward, and the rays brightening her hair. " I beg your pardon," said a voice from the darkness, one peculiarly courteous and appealing. ' I'm afraid I can only introduce myself as a beggar. Could you give me some bread and butter ? " Then, as if overcome by a humorous sense of the nature of his request, the unknown supplicant burst into a laugh full of enjoyment. Elizabeth smiled too. She could by this time distinguish, at one side of her shaft of light, a man dressed in shooting-cap and jacket. " Come in ; we have just been to supper, but we shall be glad to get you some, that is, unless it's a joke," she hesitated, for he had stepped inside, within the range of the lamp, and she discovered that he was not after the manner of Stratford men : still less did he belong to the nondescript species known as tramps. " I assure you I am in deadly earnest," he said, taking off his cap and going at once to the stove, while Elizabeth closed the door. He had taken in at once the beauty of her white arms below the rolled-up sleeves. Beauty could never escape his notice : hungry, tired, and bound on the least ideal of errands, instinct kept alert the keenness of glance many an artist acquires only by practice. Nor was a picturesque detail in the homely furnishing of the room overlooked. " Let me introduce myself. I am Oswald Craig, and I own the large house on the other side of the street. You know the name ? Ah, I see you do," for Elizabeth had given a nervous little start and glance in the direction of the sitting-room. It had never chanced that any of the Craig family had come in contact with her own since the death of her father, and with a knowledge, all too great, of her grandmother's spirit, she half expected an immediate outbreak. " I came down from Boston this morning with some fellows, to shoot sea-fowl, and found the place exactly what I wanted ; so I made up my mind to stay and camp, and my friends went home. You know the tra ditional idea of camping? to shoot your own birds, catch your fish, and do your own cooking. But," with a shrug of his shoulders, ' I'm not prepared to play primitive man, with no fowl, no fish, and not even a frying-pan. So," with such a rapid transition to his former pleading tone that Elizabeth laughed again, " will you please give me a piece of bread and butter ? " She had laid the cloth on the kitchen table while he talked, and placed on it a second supper. She felt quite at ease with him. With most people she had a reputation for reserve and perhaps dullness, but Oswald Craig always adapted himself too thoroughly to the situation to allow discomfort near him. 'You are very kind," he said, drawing his chair quickly to the table, as soon as her preparations were finished. Elizabeth, after pouring his tea, began to put her dishes away, and Oswald talked and ate with equal interest. Just as he finished Philip came in with his basket of wood, his mother following with a few sticks in her apron, seeming to find in them witnesses to justify her for having been out of the kitchen. Both started and looked curiously at Elizabeth for an explanation of the phenomenon of a stranger at home at their table. " Mother," said Elizabeth, " it is Mr. Craig, who has come down for gunning and decided to stay longer. My brother Philip," she added, as he ^turned from shaking hands with her mother. ' You see I've had the usual luck of sportsmen," he said gayly ; ' I've nothing to show for my day's work but a fair amount of stiffness and a tremendous appetite. And, worst of all, having no means of staying the latter, I have boldly begged your hospitality." " You're welcome, I'm sure," said Mrs. Nye ; they were all standing somewhat awkwardly. ' Won't you take a chair, or come into the other room ; we always sit there evenings." Elizabeth and Philip exchanged a quick glance ; hers contained a little shrinking from a probable encounter with Grandmother ; the boy's held only amusement. Philip's way through the home annoyances was daily smoothed by a keen sense of humor, of which Elizabeth was quite destitute. Events always presented their most literal and serious aspect to her. The mother, too, looked about with a slight sense of alarm after having committed herself by the invitation ; but if there was any hope in her mind that it would be refused, it was to be disappointed. " I shall be glad to spend an hour with you, if you will allow me," Oswald answered, promptly. ' Company and firelight seem very attractive, jvhen one thinks of the empty walls and close rooms across the way." Elizabeth, light in hand, led the way to the sittingroom. She thought, with a slight relief, that Grandmother could not have failed to hear every word of the previous conversation. " At least she knows who he is," thought she. Can any one, except those who have endured the daily trial of being watched and judged by some one who has the power of pricking the sensitive flesh with innumerable pins of criticism, know how an outbreak is sometimes dreaded in families ? Elizabeth, for it was always she on whom the burden of disagreeable explanations fell, introduced Craig to her grandmother. The young man bowed in his easy manner, with perhaps an added deference. Madam Nye said, without glancing at him, " How do you do ? Elizabeth, hand me my knitting and put the candle on the light-stand." The request was portentous ; in seasons of great domestic calamity, Grandmother, tacitly refusing communion with the rest of the family, had a candle on a small stand by her side, knitting there in silence while the others occupied the table. Oswald appeared to be quite unconscious of the chill in the social atmosphere, and while Elizabeth quietly carried out Grandmother's commands, made himself comfortable in the easiest corner of the not very luxurious sofa. " Such a delightful day, Mrs. Nye," he said, easily, with a familiarity which a Stratford man would not have attained after six months' acquaintance. " There is such a strong taste of salt water in the whole town that I shall stay for more of it. May I hold your yarn, Madam ? ' turning suddenly to Grandmother, who had finished her ball and was untwisting another skein. " No, I am much obliged to you ; I can do it myself," said the old lady, with a severity which was not the less marked for including every one. "' Elizabeth, turn the back of that chair round here." But Oswald was before her : he placed the chair, and seating himself opposite her, took the skein gently from her and put it over his own hands. " Now which way shall I turn it ? You want to get at the end, do you not?" He held it deferentially, turning to go on with his day's experience to Mrs. Nye. Perhaps even in so small an encounter as this, it was the first time Grandmother had been worsted. His good-natured, imperturbable way of taking things for granted was something to which she was not accustomed, and having hesitated at the decisive first minute, she could not retrieve her failure. Scorning to glance at the others to see how they took it, she began winding steadily. Craig had by this time taken to discussing the town. ' A strange, bare waste of a place, isn't it ? And yet, it's a rare field for an artist ; though I should feel sorry to have a view of the coast hung in my room. It would keep me frozen." The remark held a great deal for Elizabeth ; the sea made her uneasy, and the low level of the entire view had always oppressed her. Sometimes a hint from a book gave her a quick inspiration of a different life, one in which there should be deeper color and warmer air, but the picture soon faded ; she had not enough imagination to utilize it into permanent comfort. 'We don't have anytime to think about artists," said Grandmother, her monotonous tones startlingly severe after the modulations of Oswald's. " The Creator didn't make the world for men to paint ! " ' Ah, there you are right, of course. I do not pretend to account for His designs, and therefore I couldn't contradict you, if you were not." All this with a humility which removed from it the sting of sarcasm. "Are you an artist ? " asked Philip, boldly. ' I ? Oh no. I suppose my father thought I had no talent in particular, and so I was educated for nothing in particular." Immediately the three impartial ones among his hearers felt that to be able to look neutrally on all professions while abjuring them was a very superior ground of action to take. ' But perhaps at the same time I ought to confess," he went on, gracefully indicating Grandmother as if a more elaborate explanation were due to her, ' that I really haven't any talent which would have paid for cultivation, or it would have developed itself." The old lady had finished her skein, and the visitor moved so that he could rest his head easily against the woodwork of the old fashioned fireplace. It is an undeniable fact that good breeding gives a certain tone to form and expression, which no mere beauty can ever grant. Elizabeth gave a quick look at his fine head, the grace of his attitude, and thought, with a momentary depression, that he was not of the .Stratford stamp. He had come to them for an evening's entertainment ; they could give him nothing else. His world, being an unknown one to her, was all the more marvelous and unreal. ' Do you think I can get a boat to-morrow ? " Oswald asked, turning to Philip. " We had some trouble in finding one, to-day. The worst feature I know about your Stratford fisherman is that he's so grandly dignified. I talked half an hour with an old fellow, this morning. Would he let me have one of his boats ? Wai, he couldn't say ; Jim was out in it now. Jim's own was hauled up keel smashed in ; if Jim got in in time, why, yes, we might have it ; we might as well have it as to let it lay idle ; shouldn't go out himself ; had a lame hand. But when would Jim come in ? Wai, that he couldn't say. He'd been out a matter o' two hours or more might be in before dinner might not. Couldn't we signal him ? No, too far ; Jim wouldn't see it ; besides, he was a neighbor and ought to have the boat if any body did. And so on, with his hands in his baggy pockets, looking out over the sea all the time in that speculative way, as if he expected an -argosy which would add to his lordly sense of possession.' ' It must have been Si Davids," said Philip, delighted at the touches from life. ' Si's the most independent fellow on the coast." ' And did you get the boat ? " Yes, Jim fortunately came in and the old sea-king cheerfully said we might as well have the boat, if Jim didn't want it ; Jim agreeing, we went. I have felt all day as if my fate hung on the decisions of Jim." ;< Are you going out to-morrow ? " ' Well, I don't know. I tried to make a bargain for to-morrow morning, but the man said he guessed not ; we might happen round and if Jim didn't feel a mind to go out, all well and good, we might have it ! But you see I don't want to wander about on any such uncertainty. I want to be out by daylight, when the birds are flying." ' I'll tell you what," said Philip, his face quite bright with interest,. " I know of a boat I can get you. It's a little way up the shore and you wouldn't know where to find it, but if you'll tell me what time you want it. I'll row round to the Point and have it ready for you there." Grandmother's face, albeit not lifted from her knitting, wore the stern look that the others knew so well, and Mrs. Nye felt bound to remonstrate. " Philip, you may get cold being out so early : you know how damp it will be, and your throat " "Yes, I know it, mother," broke in the boy, excitedly ; he could not bear to be denied. ' But I'll wear my thick comforter and yes, I'll tie it over my mouth! Won't that do ? " " I should be sorry to take your offer, if you really ought not to go," said Oswald, politely, adding, however, " How would it do to say we would start from the Point half an hour before sunrise ? " " That will be all right," said the boy, delighted and fearful ; the latter because a word from Grandmother or Mrs. Nye would shatter his fine plans. " If your mother is quite willing, " said Oswald, appealing to her ; and she could say no more. " I only want to be sure he won't catch cold : his lungs and throat have always been very delicate." " He shall not ; I give you my word." He probably did not think it necessary to state his method of preventing this result ; and so deep was the impression made by his manner that it did not occur to Mrs. Nye to doubt. " Now, if we are to be off so early in the morning, I must say good-night." Oswald went on the sensible and wholesome principle that too much of any one experience is likely to prove tiresome. He had enjoyed his half-hour with these people, but an hour might transform them into bores. '' But where do you sleep ? ' asked Mrs. Nye, hesitating between housewifely instinct of hospitality, and natural lack of confidence in her own suggestion. :< I have sent for blankets from the little hotel shall I call it hotel ? The place where they have very thin steak fried in very fat lard and I shall go there to breakfast. When I am in the woods I like to deny myself comfort ; it gives me a genuine feeling of camping. I shall see you in the morning, Philip ? Good-night. I thank you for a pleasant evening, Mrs. Nye, and you for charity ! ' he added, with a laughing glance at Elizabeth, as he passed her. He had bowed and found his way to the outside door before they could do more than make up their minds to rise in returning his good-night. Stratford farewells were longer ; a Stratforder was wont to stand at the threshold making a few last remarks on the weather, or on current topics ; he did not feel it well to be precipitate. When the door had closed behind the visitor Elizabeth took the lamp from the table and placed it in the window, so that its rays would stream out on the path : as she did so she saw Oswald turn, in the track of light, and take off his cap to her. There was a silence after he had gone, one somewhat heavy with unexpressed opinions. Philip and Elizabeth were much excited over the stranger, and their eyes spoke eloquent volumes to each other, saying,. " If Grandmother would only go to bed ! ' but Grandmother, according to an exception she sometimes made, knit monotonously on past her bedtime, without a word or look for any one. Her face was impassive ; it would have told no story to an observer unused to reading it, but to the members of the family it spoke her severest displeasure. ' Philip, hadn't you better go to bed ? ' said his mother, mildly, at ten ; and the boy, knowing there would be no chance of seeing his mother or sister alone, took his candle reluctantly. Mrs. Nye wound the clock, and Grandmother fastened the doors, a duty she ^would trust to no one else, and in silence betook herself to her own bed-room. CHAPTER III. THE next morning Philip was awake before dawn without any help from any one, though it was usually a concession to duty to leave the warmth of his bed ; he dressed hurriedly, with a pleasant excitement. He did not remember the woolen comforter, but having buttoned his jacket closely about him and put on his cap, stole down the stairs carefully, that no creaking board might carry the tale of his progress to Grandmother's bed-room. As he was going through the dark kitchen, a figure came softly and quickly out of the pantry. Philip's heart gave a bound ; though it was almost time for daylight, he could not but feel that he was on a secret and mysterious mission. ' I've been waiting ten minutes," said Elizabeth, coming toward him. ' I wanted to see you last night and ask what you were going to do, but there was no time. Whose boat shall you get ? ' [< Oh, don't you bother," said Philip, his courage rising as some one else took an interest in the situation. ' I'll find one. But I must be off, because there's just time to get round to the Point, and he'll want to be out by light. How I wish I had a gun ! What do you suppose he thinks of a fellow who lives right here and never has chance to shoot a loon, from one year's end to another ? " ' Never mind that," said Elizabeth, prudence getting the better of her interest ; ' this is quite enough to do without thinking of guns. I wonder how you dared promise, and right before Grandmother, too ! But we can't whisper here. I came down to put you up some bread and butter, because you won't be back till long after breakfast." 'I don't care about breakfast," answered Philip, the anticipation of a morning with a sportsman, and present consciousness of doing something daring, bringing out all the boyishness in his nature : ' I sha'n't have time to eat. But I'll take it ; put it here in my jacket pocket. Good-by ! ' And stealthily opening the 
